[THEME MUSIC]
>> EMERY SMITH: Today
on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
we are with Robert Wood, retired
aerospace engineer who has
worked on everything ballistic
missile defense to the space
station.
But more recently,
Bob is the editor
of a new book on William
Tompkins called "Selected
by Extraterrestrials Volume
2, My Life in the Top
Secret World of UFOs, Think
Tanks and Nordic Secretaries."
Bob, welcome to the show.
>> ROBERT WOOD: Thank you.
>> EMERY: Well, Tompkins was
part of a high security access
group of people related to the
advanced technologies and even
extraterrestrial beings
interacting with various humans
and military and governmental
factions on Earth.
What can you tell us about that?
>> WOOD: Well, Bill's
involvement in top secret
material actually began when he
was just a new guy in the Navy.
But after he left the
Navy, he got a job working
for Douglas Aircraft Company.
As soon as they realized he
had this top secret clearance
from the past, they put
him in this top secret
think tank where it was
clear that their goal was
to study the UFO subject.
>> EMERY: I know these think
tanks include a lot of people.
It's not just like a
couple of people there.
Up to like 200
people I've heard.
>> WOOD: Right.
He says that there were that
many people in that think tank.
The people that
he was working for
are critical in this
context of the book,
because I knew two of the
people he was working for.
One of them was
Elmer Wheaton, who
was the vice president of the
missiles part at that time.
And I later worked for him.
And the other one was
Wolfgang B. Klemperer.
They called him Klemp.
And interestingly
enough, Klemperer
was the guy who
was my boss's boss
when I got my first job
as a summer hire in 1949.
And I wondered-- he had a desk.
So you had to go past
his desk in order
to get this classified
area so he saw
everybody who came and went.
But he was never there.
Every time I left to get
coffee he was not there.
And I wondered, you know,
why is he not there.
And then I realized when
Bill Tompkins told me
that he was working for
Klemperer in a vault
that that's where he was.
He was in this think tank.
>> EMERY: We have some
interviews done with William
Tompkins.
This one is a clip about MJ-12.
Let's have a look.
>> WILLIAM TOMPKINS: He's
the secretary of the Navy.
He's sort of the top guy.
And unlike many military
organization around the planet,
everybody liked Forrestal.
All of the people did.
He was really a beautiful guy.
And he knew what he
was talking about.
But his people were
essentially like a short name,
a name that was abbreviated.
And so it had quite a few
different titles to it.
That group were essentially
the apex of the alumni.
So at Douglas, we
had the situation
where we're putting together
packages on different areas
that we were working
on in the think tank.
Now other people
in the tank were
aware of who Forrestal was.
And they were aware
that we should not
be using his group's name.
But essentially, every
document that we came up
with inside that
secret think tank--
how will this be
accepted by that group?
Are we deviating
from their agenda?
What is their agenda?
Who are all of these people?
Is the Bilderberg
involved in this?
Are other organizations,
secret organizations--
are they involved in this?
We then structured our
presentations to them
when he came out to assume
Forrestal was the number one
person in the country who
ran the proper organization,
the real organization
to handle technically
the extraterrestrial.
We have now what essentially
is the US Navy space
systems, which is
not an organization
but it's inside of the
secret think tank at Douglas.
That operation was controlling
everything in the country.
And the president of the
United States was not included.
Top military people,
congressmen, were not included.
So here we are
giving away the store
to the people that are
causing the problem.
And I think this is
hard for us to accept.
But this is what was going on.
We didn't know it, but
that's what appeared to be.
In documents that I put together
and several of the others
that were submitted
back to the Navy,
I would make comments
on essentially who
does this information go to.
This was a continuous problem
in a secret think tank.
Dr. Klemperer is a real nice
guy, smart and brilliant.
And you can kid with him.
OK.
He's my boss.
Klemperer was
convinced that there
were two different groups.
There was the standard
organizations,
the Navy's levels
of information.
And then you got this
other group up on top.
And we know that the admiral was
heading that group up on top.
He was the head of it.
So we assumed after
he was assassinated
that that was then true, because
he then was talking too much.
These are the complexities
of the program
where we're off by ourselves
not being influenced by anybody.
We're coming up
with what we think
we're going to have to do to
solve a unbelievable problem.
And when you don't
know who your boss is,
you do the best you can.
>> EMERY: I mean shocking.
We're talking about Majestic 12.
Was it just he was
talking too much
and the Majestic 12 group
said, hey, he's gotta go?
>> WOOD: My opinion with
respect to how and why he was
assassinated is twofold.
Number one, because
I had a source,
I was actually the
recipient of the memo
that was showed there that his
assassination is regrettable.
Those were the words that they--
But the reason that that
happened, in my opinion,
was not MJ-12.
It was the CIA before
the MJ-12 was involved.
They just didn't want to let the
American public realize that we
did not really beat the Nazis.
And he was going
to tell him that.
I'm sure Forrestal
was going to tell them
the whole story about
the UFOs, and Admiral
Byrd, and everything else.
And the guys didn't
want to do that.
The point though that I'd
like to make, especially
in the context of
Bill's involvement,
is that he was
working for the Navy.
And the Navy recovered
one of the craft in 1942
at the Battle of LA.
And that was sent, in my
judgment, to Point Mugu.
And the Navy was
ahead of everybody
else in reverse
engineering the craft.
And so MJ-12 was kind
of the CIA and the Army
and the Air Force's program.
And they didn't know
about the Navy program.
In fact, in my opinion,
it's only in the last decade
or so that MJ-12
has realized there
was another Navy program going
on that they didn't know about.
>> EMERY: Wow.
That's crazy.
Well, what about-- they
said inside there--
Bill was just talking
about there's--
part of Majestic
12 was specifically
for reverse engineering and also
studying the extraterrestrials.
Do you know who was
involved with that?
>>WOOD: Well, the MJ-12 members,
as they were defined in 1947,
were shown.
And there's no mystery or
secret about their existence.
The scope of the work
of MJ-12, however, you
can discuss that
in my judgment and
I think in Bill's judgment, too.
The MJ-12 people
were basically trying
to understand
everything that had
to do with the alien
crashes and their saucers.
I don't think-- it
might have included
part of the process of
reverse engineering them.
But I think the
reverse engineering
processes that the
Navy and MJ-12 had
were a little separate.
>>EMERY: Oh, OK.
>>WOOD: I think that the reverse
engineering portion and just
understanding where
these craft come from
are two different things.
>>EMERY: Well, you said not
knowing where they came from.
And Bill Tompkins had people
around him that he claimed
were Nordics.
I mean, according to Bill.
I mean, who were these Nordics?
I mean, where'd they come from?
I mean, what did
he say about them?
>>WOOD: Well, Bill made a big
deal about the secretaries
that he had that were Nordic.
But when he was
working at TRW later,
he said that he also met
a couple of Nordic males.
He didn't talk much about them.
But it's clear to
me that the Nordics
had a plan to help Bill succeed
in whatever he was doing.
They initially
involved supporting him
for the Apollo program.
But when he went
to TRW, it seemed
like the Nordics wanted to
continue to keep him, be
a successful person.
Why?
I have no idea.
Bill and I did not
speculate about that.
>>EMERY: So why were we still
using fossil fuels back then?
If we were getting
help from the Nordics,
why was that not
implemented at some point
or an exchange of information?
>>WOOD: Well, my answer
to a question like that
would be that NASA was
the official organization,
was supposed to be doing
the space exploration.
And they had
immediately concluded
that the public image of NASA
would be open, scientific,
nothing classified.
But the private
plan, which I think
was much more sophisticated
than most people realized,
was to have a covert
program available
underneath this public plan.
>>EMERY: Do you think that
NASA or Majestic 12 ever
had any infiltration
by the Nordics?
>>WOOD: Emery, that's
an interesting question.
That's something that Bill
and I have never talked about.
But I would speculate that the--
>>EMERY: I would think
there'd be some influence.
>>WOOD: --answer
is, yeah, likely.
The MJ-12 people genuinely
wanted to figure out
what was going on.
And then as it
developed, they decided
everything was political.
Because they
decided they did not
want to make any of
this stuff public.
They were learning stuff.
And, well, furthermore, they
had a logical, actually,
reason for that.
And that is we were, in effect,
moving towards the Cold War.
And to tell everything about
how to build anti-gravity craft
would not be helpful if the
Russians were going to do it,
too.
>>EMERY: Well, let's take a
look at this video from Bill.
>> I could never get my
secretary to admit that she was
a Nordic, OK?
And everybody knew it,
but she wouldn't accept.
But from what she would
drop into conversations,
essentially she was a
part of the Nordic navy,
like a commander in
intelligence with a mission
to support a specific
program, the Apollo program,
and support all of it, not just
first phase to go to the moon,
but second phase to
build navy stations
on all of the planets
that were habitable
or their moons in
the solar system
and then build bases on all
of the 12 closest stars.
That was the Apollo mission.
Now, the two girls in
engineering, the two Nordics,
never in any way
of that four years
came up with anything that
would bother the mission
to be accomplished.
They were constantly
pushing everybody
to the side who were trying
to stop the program from being
implemented, cover it up,
change information, do it wrong,
everything, all the way
through the four years.
So we ended up--
we roughly did four years.
I roughly did four
years in the Navy.
And I roughly did slightly
less than four years on Apollo.
Now, part of my four years
on Apollo was on Nova trucks.
And the Nova trucks were
eight times the size
of the Apollo, 10
times the size,
depending on what you were--
and there were trucks to haul
all of the facility equipment
that we needed to build a
20,000-man Naval Station
Research Center on the moon.
That's what we were
supposed to be doing.
The mission to the moon was
to build these facilities.
And all we did was
get to the moon.
And some guys gave us the finger
and told us don't come back.
OK, go ahead and finish a couple
of three more year missions
and don't come back.
Well, these were the reptilians.
So they were already there.
We didn't know that.
And essentially, we
got stopped a third way
through the missions.
Now, the Nordic people--
what are they here for?
And who are they?
And we didn't learn
till much later.
There's boxes full
of Nordics, OK?
And we got a whole box
full of them, maybe
a hundred different types.
And we know now, but back
then, we just thought of one.
The two young ladies represented
a Nordic civilization.
And my girl turned out to
be a Nordic navy lieutenant
commander with a specific
contract and a specific mission
to get the Apollo program
implemented, the whole program.
So you have to say that
that group she supported
from out in the galaxy were
the greatest thing that
could happen to the planet.
Never did she ever
come up with anything
that threw cold water on
any part of the program.
She was always way ahead of
everybody without a fix-it.
And she telepathically,
continually
threw stuff in my head--
don't let them go
that way, Bill.
You know what we talked about.
You got to fix it.
And I have to say, I never
had any type of relationship
with a person like her, till
I got over to North American
and then over to TRW.
And those girls also refused
to say that they were Nordics.
But they again were doing
exactly the same thing
as my secretary at
Douglas on the Apollo.
They were pushing-- those
girls and two of them
at North American.
The one-- I got
into my secretary
administrative assistant in TRW.
So there, again,
you're getting support
from an individual
that is probably
part of the Nordic Navy,
implementing an agenda again.
They were at war with the
reptilians way out there.
And Solar Warden, of course,
was our portion of that war.
And they were also at war with
the insects, the praying mantis
people, if you want
to call them that.
And so we were fighting two
of the really bad people.
Collectively, we were going to
be fighting with them, which
the Nordics were already doing.
And the Nordics had
lost one massive battle
between their planet and
another planet, which
the reptilians had
and restructured again
and then were back at war again.
And we're talking
about a whole lot
of things that were elements
in who are the Nordics.
Who are these guys?
>>EMERY: So he's mentioned
these Nordic implants working
in these compartmentalized
secret programs.
So why do the Nordics
want to help us?
>>WOOD: Well, he mentioned that
he had two Nordics at Douglas,
and two at North
American, and then one
at TRW, presumably having the
same goals to keep the Apollo
program healthy and going.
Frankly, I have never understood
why the Nordics or us,
for that matter, would want
to be limited to a chemical
propulsion when we knew how
to do the anti-gravity thing.
And it's as if the Nordics
were encouraging our government
to continue to
deceive the people.
We didn't have that technology.
>>EMERY: It's confusing.
>>WOOD: Yeah.
Yeah, so I don't think
that Bill knew the answer
to that question.
>>EMERY: So he didn't think they
had another alternative agenda.
>>WOOD: No.
>>EMERY: He just--
>>EMERY: --didn't know.
>>WOOD: We never speculated
on alternative Nordic agendas.
He was always so
emphatic about the way
that they helped him do the
right thing for that occasion.
But we never discussed
the long-range plans.
And when he was at Rocketdyne
after he left Douglas,
one of the things that
he was involved in
was to create a huge--
actually, it was is a document.
When it was really
printed, it was this big.
You couldn't look at
it on the internet.
You had to actually go print it.
And this document explained
their 20-year plan
to explore the universe.
There were stars
and stuff like that.
And many people
who saw this page
thought, wow, this
is a great revelation
that we had a long-range plan.
But you look at this plan
and there is no discussion
of anti-gravity devices.
They were using Novas,
which were basically just
huge rockets.
And I've never
figured out why Bill
was so excited
about this plan that
didn't discuss anti-gravity.
>>EMERY: Yeah, it
should have been
written all over it, right?
>>WOOD: Yeah.
>>EMERY: It's the only
way to get around.
Did he mention, other than the
Nordics, of any other ET races
that he basically
worked with physically?
>>WOOD: No.
Bill never gave
me the impression
that he actually, physically
worked with any other races.
He did talk regularly about the
reptilians, about the Greys,
about the Nordics, and
about the insect species.
Those were the only four that
he regularly talked about.
But he did emphasize
a number of times
that there were many
different races.
>>EMERY: Right.
He said there was 80 or 120
that he was debriefed on.
>>WOOD: And he even
said in this last video
that there was 60 different
Nordic species, which
really puzzled me.
Because he never said
anything that I heard or saw
that related to the
differences between species
within the Nordic.
>>EMERY: Right.
That's interesting.
Because even our human species--
there's many different types
of humans here on the planet.
So it's very similar, I would
think, with the Nordics,
with the different types of
races within the species.
>>WOOD: True.
We have what?
Five or six Homo
sapiens we know of.
>>EMERY: Yes.
So why did Bill, while working
with Nordics, get abducted?
Is this before or after
he worked with them?
>>WOOD: Well, Bill had
one abduction experience
he put in his book.
And that was well after he
was working with Nordics.
It was in the 1980s, I believe.
And he was with his family,
driving down a road.
And he had missing time.
And that was really it.
>>EMERY: Let's take a look
at this video from William.
>> A lot of people have
been abducted for years.
And a lot of them are
still being abducted.
But we're into a situation
where, what do we do now?
How do we fix this?
What are all the things
we have to do to fix it?
There are ancient
extraterrestrial facility
people, if you want
to call them that,
who have been living
underground in massive caverns
for thousands of years.
The Earth itself is
almost a honeycomb.
It has millions of
massive caverns.
We look at the little
caverns that they
have over in New Mexico.
And everybody goes there.
And they look at the cavern.
They've looked at the
inch of a guy's office.
That's all they looked at.
When we were talking
caverns Earth wise,
one of the caverns in
Southern California
goes way past into Oregon.
And it goes east into Nevada.
And it's one cavern.
And there's caverns
inside that cavern.
There's caverns
inside of caverns.
Not just tunnels, but
there's bubble caverns
inside of caverns.
And some caverns are only
a couple of miles long,
but we are honeycombed.
And so these
extraterrestrials came here,
some of them before
Noah built the raft.
And some of them came
after he built the raft,
after the flood.
But then there's been
seven flood kinds of things
that have happened here.
We forget about that.
My uncle Walter had
specifics of seven times
when they took place.
One was a situation
where we had earthquakes
on a continuous basis from
Alaska to the South Pole,
all at the same time.
Split the thing wide open.
And so that caused
all kinds of floods.
And so, yes, we have
extraterrestrials here
on the planet that are not
just living in caverns.
They have cities there.
They have industry there.
They have entertainment there.
They have essentially--
maybe not like us,
but they have essentially
a full life there.
They're born, they work, and
they step out of the picture.
And some of them have ridiculous
short lives like humans.
Others have in betweens,
living 2 or 3,000.
Others don't stop
living, period.
And these people live together
in the different caverns,
but obviously, with
totally different agendas,
totally different lives,
and different missions.
Now, the Air Force
got involved in this.
And so they built their diggers,
which are about half a mile
long.
And they'll dig a hole.
It'll be 100 foot in diameter.
And we have trains
throughout the United States,
all over the country, even
connecting to Nova Scotia,
and some of them connecting
to other countries
locally in this
particular hemisphere.
But the extraterrestrial
tunnels are
300 feet and close to 400 feet.
And these tunnels--
the tunnel diggers
dig at two to three
miles an hour.
And they reduce all of the
rock, all of the material,
everything, down to
microscopic material.
And they spray it on the lining
of the tunnel, which then turns
to be almost glass, which
then is electrically excited
and becomes a lighted tunnel.
And these guys are running
there two miles an hour,
operating this
tunnel, which then
has subsonic vehicles operating
on rail that don't leave
the rail, all over the
planet, not just in ours
from Washington, DC and the
Pentagon to the Air Force
facilities at Vandenberg.
And so we've run into
their tunnels digging ours.
And we get, not too
graciously, suggested
to take another route.
And like in New Mexico, we
have a large facility there.
And we've had wars with some
of the extraterrestrials that
are there and worked
with our military people
and light skirmishes
continually.
But then our people that are
taken from their university
laboratory to that facility--
they get taken pretty fast.
In one second, they're there.
And they take them inside.
And they let them continue
that particular research
that they were doing
at the university,
except that now,
they are a slave.
They're not a
business associate.
They are a slave.
So now, we got slavery
going in these caverns, all
over your planet.
But then that's not
such a big deal.
Because out in the galaxy, the
different extraterrestrials--
they do the same thing.
And they take the good guys.
And they abduct them, take
them to their facilities
on their planet.
Or they take them
down underground
of their original planet.
And they do the same thing.
So again, we don't have
just Earth as a laboratory.
We have billions of laboratories
on billions of stars
out in the galaxy
doing the same thing.
We're really low on the
totem pole, unfortunately.
>>EMERY: The geological seismic
survey crew has found large
structures-- and this has
been posted in the news--
deep within the Earth,
which is very fascinating.
I've been talking about
this for four years now
and actually mentioned it
on a couple of episodes.
So it's really
interesting to see Bill,
basically saying, hey, there are
these huge civilizations down
there where these
beings are working.
They're living a
full life down there
without coming to the surface.
Did he ever mention to you what
type of beings were down there?
>>WOOD: Well, Emery, the
extensive underground
civilizations is one
of the biggest secrets
that I learned from
listening to Bill.
He would be talking about the
transportation systems, mostly.
But the video we just saw
talked about the civilizations
that were living there.
The one thing that he was
never very specific about was,
what did they look like?
Which group was it?
As I mentioned, he talked
about the Greys, the insects,
the reptilians, and the Nordics.
But he would-- never
specific about saying
it was one of those four kinds.
He implied that one of
them was a different kind.
For example, my
recollection is that he
stated that the reptilians,
with whom the Nazis signed
an agreement for the
Antarctic, was just
one of the races of
reptilians who also lived
in caverns in
Siberia underground,
and that they had some
relationship with each other.
So there is an example that
I remember specifically
where he did talk about
underground civilization, two
separate ones.
>>EMERY: In the
projects I have heard
about these
underground facilities,
not only that we are
in control of, but also
extraterrestrial facilities.
He did mention that a couple
times they dug through
into another tunnel.
>>WOOD: Yes.
>>EMERY: Now, did he mean that
was an extraterrestrial-made
tunnel that's been there for--
>>WOOD: Yes.
>>EMERY: --thousands of years?
Or is it something
that we had built?
>>WOOD: No.
He stated that we were
digging our own tunnels.
And he showed some
of the equipment
that we used or used to
use to dig those tunnels,
and that once in
a while, we'd run
into an extraterrestrial
cavern or civilization.
Right after I got
my PhD in 1953,
I was regularly reading the
"Scientific American" articles,
which Philip Morrison,
who was my professor,
was actually an editor of.
And one of the articles I
remember reading at that time
was a discussion of
how easy it would
be to take a large
boring machine
and drill from one
coast to the other,
evacuate it, put in
rails, and make trains.
Now, this was 1954.
So then that was the last time
that subject ever appeared
in the public literature.
And in my judgment, that's
when the entire process
of underground
digging went black.
>>EMERY: Fascinating stuff.
Well, Bob, thanks
for being on the show
and thanks for sharing
all of these amazing
experiences with
William Tompkins.
>>WOOD: My pleasure, Emery.
>>EMERY: I'm Emery Smith, and
this is "Cosmic Disclosure,"
until next time.
[THEME MUSIC]